Update the current status of this repository (#40)
axic/eth2-deposit-contract: README.md

# eth2-deposit-contract

**This repository is archived and the project is now maintained within the [Eth2.0 specifications repository](https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-specs).**

> This is a port of the [Vyper Eth 2.0 deposit contract](https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-specs/blob/dev/deposit_contract/contracts/validator_registration.vy) to Solidity.

Author: Should also make this a versioned link to when the Vyper contract existed.

> This is a port of the [Vyper Eth 2.0 deposit contract](https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-specs/blob/dev/deposit_contract/contracts/validator_registration.vy) to Solidity.

Author: ```suggestion
This is a port of the [Vyper Eth 2.0 deposit contract](https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-specs/blob/v0.12.2/deposit_contract/contracts/validator_registration.vy) to Solidity.
```
